## sprocs Pricing

sprocs develops both free and commercial apps depending on the complexity and
ongoing maintenance needs of the particular app.

Apps listed as `Commercial` will only require a single subscription purchased
through the AWS Marketplace which grants access to all commercial sprocs for your personal or business use. Prices will depend on the size of your company and
desired level of support.

Apps are designated `Free` or `Commercial` in their respective documentation.

sprocs subscriptions are used to support ongoing development and maintenance of code, users are obviously responsible for their own AWS bill generated by sprocs usage on their
own account. Because sprocs use serverless AWS components, this amount will vary based on the app and the amount of usage but in general should
be far less than a comparable SaaS service would charge (as they typically charge per-seat).

Support services and integration consulting may be available to assist with setup, deployment, and maintenance if
needed. [Contact us](mailto:team@sprocs.com) to discuss.

## AWS Pricing

sprocs app usage will generate an AWS bill that is your responsibility (likely small for casual use but do your own diligence to price out your serverless use).

sprocs apps setup the following AWS tags on resources it creates `sprocs_app = APP_NAME` and `sprocs_env = AMPLIFY_ENV_HERE` for billing reporting purposes.

Setup `AWS Budget` notifications to monitor for unexpected serverless costs.

By using only serverless AWS resources, you only pay for what you use and not for idle time. Comparable SaaS offerings are almost always magnitudes more costly.

## AWS Budget Setup

To setup a simple cost budget monitor for your serverless components:

1. Navigate to `AWS Budgets` and select `Create budget`
2. Select `Cost budget` then `Next`
3. Set the desired budget amount to receive alerts and name your budget
4. If you are using a separate subaccount for your sprocs, you can just monitor
   the entire subaccount costs (as you cannot use billing tags on a subaccount).
   To monitor sprocs usage using billing tags, make sure you are on the "payer
   AWS account" (the root account) and make sure your sprocs tags are `active`
   by navigating to `Billing -> Cost allocation tags` and [activating](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/activating-tags.html)
   `sprocs_app` and `sprocs_env` tags if they are not already. This may take up
   to 24 hours for them to show in budget filtering options as per the [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/activating-tags.html).
5. If you wish to budget just your sprocs usage with billing tags previously
   setup, add a Filter when creating your Budget and select `Tag` for dimension
   and filter by `sprocs_app` and/or `sprocs_env` as appropriate.
